{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0   As you arrive on the scene, the uneasy murmur of the crowd dies down for a moment as people notice you. The lights of the squad cars around you silently spin around their bases and officers talk quietly amongst each other. You gaze moves up the building\'92s many stories to come to a stop on the crazed man standing near the edge of the building. The officers have begun trying to clear out the crowd, but this is not going as well or quickly as hoped. You sigh and wonder what could\'92ve driven this man to this. You go over the facts in your head. The man has a bomb strapped to himself apparently set to go off after 5 minutes. He\'92s threatening to jump from the building, which you\'92re not sure would detonate the bomb. If he stays on the ledge too long, he ostensibly will blow up part of the building which would cause dangerous debris and rubble to hurtle down to the crowd below. Clouds are quickly moving in overhead, which does not bode well for the situation. He\'92s screaming something at you. \
\
\'93Oh good, another one! The more the merrier motherfuckers! Save your breath you waste of space. I\'92m going to end this and you\'92re welcome to come with me if you\'92d like!\'94\
\
\
1) Try to talk with the man\
2) Converse with the other police on the scene\
3) Call in the bomb squad\
\
\
\
\
Initial Choices:\
\
1) Try to talk with the man\
\
You raise the bullhorn to your mouth. \'93Look, whatever it is that you want, we can work it out. Just please step away form the ledge and disarm that bomb sir. Then we can talk about what it is you want.\'94\
\
2) Converse with the other police on the scene\
\
\'93What can you tell me about the situation?\'94 \
\
The officer looks tired. He answers, \'93We don\'92t have much information. We\'92ve been able to get a good look at the guy, and the bomb looks authentic enough. The swat is on its way with the bomb squad. We have to calm this guy down or at the least we\'92re looking at millions of dollars worth of city damage and a PR nightmare, at the worst we\'92re looking at lots of collateral damage and people dying. Crazy fucker.\'94\
\
3) Call in the bomb squad\
\
You take out the radio in your overcoat and hold in the button.\
\
\'93How long until arrival?\'94\
\
The radio hisses that satisfying white noise, then a response \'93ETA two minutes sir. Over.\'94\
\
You put the radio back in your coat.\
\
4) Call in Swat\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 You take out the radio in your overcoat and hold in the button.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
You notice that you got there before swat had. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \'93How long until arrival?\'94\
\
The radio hisses that satisfying white noise, then a response, \'93ETA three minutes sir. Over.\'94\
\
You put the radio back in your coat.\
\
5) Try and clear the area\
\
Holding the bullhorn, \'93Alright everyone that is not a policeman needs to move out of this immediate area. Go home folks and let us handle this. We appreciate your cooperation in making our jobs easier.\'94\
\
This appears to have done nothing.\
\
6) Do nothing\
\
You stand there grinding your teeth, unsure of what to do with yourself. You pull out a pack of cigarettes from your pocket. Quitting was never really an options anyway. The drag calms your nerves a bit.\
\
Class 1\
\
1) Attempt to reason with the man about his family\
\
You speak of the loved ones he may have. Friends and family he would leave behind. He stares back coldly at you.\
\
2) Do nothing\
\
Cigarettes always make bad situations better, right? It gives you a minute to collect your thoughts and decide what to do. The glow of the end of your cigarette takes you away for a moment.\
\
3) Call bomb squad into position\
\
If they haven\'92t arrived yet:\
go to initial call bomb squad option\
\
Else\
The radio hisses and you begin speaking with the button held down. \'93Team I need you to be ready at a moments notice. We need a team moving up to his floor, and one down here just in case. Let\'92s be sharp everyone.\'94\
\
4) Call swat into position\
\
If they haven\'92t arrived yet: \
go to initial call swat option\
\
Else\
The radio hisses and you begin speaking with the button held down. \'93Team I need you to be ready at a moments notice. We need a team moving up to his floor to support the bomb squad if necessary. Do not open fire unless I give the order.\'94\
\
5) Attempt to reason with the man through common sense\
\
You attempt to appeal to man\'92s better sensibilities. He responds by screaming something unintelligible.\
\
6) Look through binoculars\
\
An officer standing next to you hands you a pair. You look through their telescoping lenses and see the man is [insert_var] from the edge of the building.\
\
}